Gamers have no [[Intrinsic motivation]] in regards to the real world because they have another life which are virtual, in this video [[Doctor K]] that in order to change the way gamers have [[motivation]] is he talks about [[Dopamine]] and [[Seratonin]], and how games affect our brain.  When we game, we gets a lot of domine but not a lot of seratonin. This causes us to have fun but not a lot of [[Confidence]], this causes unbalance of [[Dopamine]] and [[Seratonin]]. 

1. First, the trick is to do a seratonic activities that is challanging to do kind of accessible to do, but isn't actually fun but makes you feel about yourself: gym, work-out, walking, get groceries. 

2. Second of all, how addicting activities interact with the negative emotion. when we do said activities, it actually supresses the negative emotional circuitry. It become addictive not only because of [[Dopamine]], but because of what it takes away. We have this part of the brain called [[Amygdala]] that become hyperactive because of the low [[Seratonin]] we get when we play video games. Which in turn, make us dread about future threfore make us want to avoid it, threfore do the things that are addictive to avoid the negative emotion. Which in the past, there is way to make it go way other than solving the problem itself, example of this that he said is when we're feeling lonely in 5,000 years ago, we have to go out and make friends with other human being.

"Kapag shinut off natin yung negative emotion, we stop learning" Video game impact our ability learn from our mistake. The primary motivator for learning and changing our behavior is [[negative emotion]]. 
3. Therefore to learn our "lesson", first we have to sit with the negative emotion and feel it, just don't numb it down. So when we feel our negative emotion, just don't reach for the distraction that shut off that negative emotion. Give them a neutral space, ie. pacing and sitting. The other thing that I can do is stare at a wall in 20 minutes to 1 hour, this practice is transformative and revolutionary according to [[Doctor K]]. Your gonna feel bored, mind wadered, your gonna noticed the negative emotion, then after you tolerated the negative emotion, you're not gonna have to retreat sa addictive activies.

The other thing is that when we play a game, it lays out the task for them, it lays out all the information on the rule of life to start to finish. The real life does not work like that, you have a abstract idea ie. be happy, be financially stable and break it down into pieces, and gamers can't do that because the game lay it out for them. The fuction that uses that rust and when we don't use that function/action we start to decondition. So when going to the party, gamers don't have quest markers, they don't know what to do, to get started then they procrastinated. 

4. So to operationalized the Main Quest in the life is to use our cognitive skills to break it down into little pieces, we nned to manually do this because literally our brain does not know how do do this automatically. So when we say that we are "lazy", it inherited/trait to our brain but this is not true, its just a neuroscience deficits that gaming does. 

In conclusion, we first need to do seratonic activities, sit with our negative emotion, and lastly operationalize abstact ideas to cognitively break it down, and understand that gamers are dopamine dependent and seratonergically aversive, which then we're playing the game of life in a even footing.

	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaICKlp9kQc